So now if these first basic steps taken if I now fill in a number here and we continue this all looks
good to me here.
This all works if we now start a game.
Then I also want to reduce this spacing we have here and I also want to make sure that my box is down
there.
So this log off guesses we have that dissolves.
Looks better.
Now that is something we can do on the game screen of course because that's the screen we're currently
viewing there.
Now for one of course it's the spacing does margin top on our bottom container which is this container
margin top is this distance between the number here and the container and I want to change this now
to change this.
We can again use the dimensions API.
So here I again import dimensions from HREOC native and now down there we can calculate this margin
dynamically what we can do here is we can get again gets the dimensions of our window and then here
the the width or in this case probably the height and then divide this by something but this would be
very cumbersome we could divide this by 20 for example whips by 20 and see if Dad looks good but this
is really a guessing game then might not be what we really want.
Instead we could check how much height we have a way lable and then use a different spacing based on
that we could check if our height is let's say greater than six hundred.
If that's the case we want have a spacing of 20 otherwise we have one of ten so we can also use the
dimensions we're calculating in if condition in this case in a ternary expression here but you could
use it in a normal if check as well.
So now we can go back here and what we now see is that when we start to game we don't have that huge
of a gap here on the smaller screen on the iPhone which is a bigger screen however we definitely have
a bigger gap and to see that clearer you can of course play around with that.
And for example use 30 for smaller screens and 5 30 for bigger screens and 5 for smaller screens.
And now you should definitely see that.
Here we have a small gap.
And here we have a bigger gap.
So we can also use this in if conditions.
Now with that I'll set this back to 20 and 5 here but there's now hopefully also shows yet another way
of using this.
You can use this and if conditions which of course gives you a lot of flexibility in cases where you
don't want to use the width in a dynamic calculation but you have different hardcoded values which you
want to use based on different breakpoints you want to set a little bit like you know it from C as s
where you also have media queries and then you can render different things based on different media
queries.
You're also not restricted on using the dimensions API down there in your style sheet of course you
can use it anywhere where you can use javascript so everywhere in your components basically you could
also attach TOTALLY DIFFERENT STYLES based on your way label width or height we could all use dimensions
get window here where I assign my style and for example check my height here check if it's greater than
six hundred and if that's the case use stylus bottom container and otherwise use styles button container
small if we had this class I don't have it here so I'll get rid of that but that's no way of using this
you can use it anywhere where javascript runs you can all of course use it here you could have a check
here right before you return your J is X code and check get window height if that's greater than six
hundred and if that's the case let's say you return totally different.
J is X code and therefore this code there often will never run if you return here and only if you don't
make it into the safe check.
So if you have a device that's not as tall as this one then you make it down there.
So you're really flexible here and use that flexibility to build the layouts you want because that's
what this is all about and what gives you a lot of flexibility for your apps.
So that's the spacing here.
Now I also wanted to change my my log items down there.
That's also something we can easily do of course.
We have our list item stair and on the list items we set a width of 100 percent because we set our list
width here with the list container and that's set to 60 percent.
Now 60 percent looks pretty good on bigger devices I think.
But on smaller devices we could go bigger than that.
Now we can of course again try to solve this with different rules here where we set a max width and
a man with and maybe also use two dimensions API to calculate this dynamically or we again use if check
here we could again say dimensions get window get the available width and his case and if that's let's
say greater than 500 then I want to use 60 percent.
Otherwise I want to use 80 percent so now we simply render a broader a wider list container based on
the way to deal with on the device we're running on.
And that's actually use.
Three hundred and fifty here maybe instead of 500 hundred because we're talking about the width not
about the height.
So now you're if we run this on the iPhone we have to same with ASP before but on the smaller screen
we have bigger items.
So that's also something we can do and you can of course play around with the breakpoint.
You're effectively setting here.
You can try out different breakpoint sizes here.
Of course you could also have multiple breakpoints.
You can have nested ternary expressions here or before you rights too many nested expressions simply
set up different style objects here which you load with different if checks you use up there just to
give you an example for it is we could have a list container big here and dare we set flex one and we
set our width of let's say 80 percent because this is the big one.
And here we have the normal one with 60 percent.
Now I have no if condition down there but I have two different style objects.
And now we just need to attach different style objects up there.
Not here but here of course on this you well to do this we can simply set up list containers style variable
here for example and point at Styles list container which is our default but then add if check here
where we check if dimensions get window with and now if the width here is let's say smaller than three
hundred and fifty so if we have a small device then we want to have the big list container so then we
can set list container style.
This variable equal to styles list container.
Big to point at this style object and now we can use that style object here on that view where we need
to list container style We use that variable now which holds a different list container style object
based on the width of our device and if we now as safeties and we run this again you see that on the
iPhone with the bigger the Y's where we have more with we got the smaller container and here on the
android phone with the well the smaller device with less with we get the bigger container.
So it's the same result as before but a bit more readable.
And now we could have multiple such if checks here where we store different styles here in the list
container style which we then use down there.
This can be more readable than having nested ternary expressions down there in your style sheet object.
So this is how you can play around with that and being aware of that flexibility of two dimensions API
is really crucial here.